1. Josh Loehr

2. When stress testing the participant/observer caps using the shell script provided in the FAQ, I encountered an error with select every so often whenever I accidentally ran the script twice without killing the first batch of processes (so, with something like 600 processes going at a time). I'm not sure what exactly about select is causing this error, but I imagine it's not a huge deal if it only happens when a few hundred clients have connected at once. Additionally, though I believe I've followed the specification's explicit instructions, my handling of empty @ messages (e.g. "@ hello") doesn't seem ideal for what a real-life chat application would do - that is, my program doesn't have intelligent user feedback in these circumstances, so the error messages could be cryptic for someone without intimate knowledge of the code.

3. I started out testing this program with actual unit tests, but quickly realized that I would never complete the assignment if I continued with a strict TDD process. At the very least, the few tests I did write in the beginning helped me ensure that the connecting/disconnecting of clients was air-tight before I moved on to the communication aspects of the program. (Note: the tests I wrote aren't included in the current svn repository to guarantee nothing breaks for the grading procedure - they do exist within the svn repo history, however). After I stopped unit testing, I proceeded with the tried and true "code and check" method, until I neared completion, after which I loaded up the latest version of the repo onto the WWU CS machines and tested the program on different hosts.

4. The most challenging aspect of this assignment was, again, getting select to work properly. I expected it to be a breeze this time after struggling with it on program 2, but alas, it gave me nearly as much headache until I finally got it working. Additionally, I had some very strange bugs pop up whenever I tried to remove functionality from the main method to helper methods, usually involving memory addresses that I wasn't even touching in the helper functions. Eventually it all worked out, though.
